Clarified support of tracing (#9712)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/runtime/tracing-in-runtime.md

These traces can be sent to observability tools like [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/) or [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/).

{{% alert color="warning" %}}

> Tracing is currently not supported on the Mendix Public Cloud and the Mendix Private Cloud.

Reviewer: Hi Jonathan.
You mean Mendix Dedicated Cloud here, not _Mendix for Private Cloud_?

Reviewer: @jdiehl 
Can you confirm that this should be Dedicated cloud? Or are we talking about Mendix for Private Cloud (soon to be Mendix on Kubernetes)
```suggestion
Tracing is currently not supported on Mendix Cloud and Mendix Cloud Dedicated.
```

Reviewer: No response from @jdiehl - I'll assume this is an OK change, approve, and merge.
